Hostinsky district is located on
Eastern European territory of Russia for
the western part of the edge championship in
Kama river basin its territory
is favorable for
needs
no traffic arteries
administrative
it is a historical city of astana residents
cities the richest story who in
next year marks 429 posts
has the status of a historic city
Perm region Alexander Pushkin
wrote the events of the peasant war
died
I want to remind
moments in Iraqi cities of the story
captain's daughter through the exhibition
children followed
St. Petersburg researcher zenith date
Birth of the city 1590 first year
economic value in the sprout
early nineteenth century
located
unexpected so stop attack
since it is at this time begins
form steady
actually
opens sick
someone read the text telegraph
a library after the jenny tradition
Messinian merchants guests
acting theater
Nikolai Gogol money will not go on that
who is small
industrial enterprises main
place among them is skin cancer
at this time, changing the face of the city
building is being built
publication of educational institutions of commerce
out of stores 19 year old syktyvkarets and
become prominent figures in the city
the edges
also in the film
in the territory
this is a real historical
reserve here are located by
old
ensemble
main Orthodox shrines by this center
Kazan icon of the Mother of God is holy
Trinity Cathedral and the Cathedral of the Assumption
present tense
no representing inhabited
points
switching listeners is set
commission his sister's golden domes
by the government
All-Russian works devoted
several buildings under the leadership
sorry kind of present a picture
rich flora and fauna of Issyn
district on the territory of the museum complex
road monuments historic
past mass of its founders of the city
stealing perfect
documentation in accordance with
contract
now the beginning of the twenty first century
merchant traditions are preserved so
initiative
registration of citizens icon of the Virgin
Kazan temple deal business women
success held charities
evenings in honor of the holiday of Kazan
icons of mother of God all collected
funds go out
In 2008, Vaso became the winner in the regional
Competition Center of Perm Culture
region held a festival
historical supply cities within these
events were implemented
value for the city this bill
took part of foreign companies
asking for a dressing sculpture in love
open sun boulevard
the stream must have entered could not
today became known
it confirms the correctness
installations abroad
The work of the photo artist using these
data
first time after searches
and in the Moscow theater a new opera was
are presented
deputy summer day no
no guild producers with the Moscow theater
strong friendships were established young
musicians of the art school
members of the ensemble kinder hour annually
performs on the stage of the Moscow theater
one of the new trends of Russia All-Russian
jazz festival fresh breeze four
years ago by joint efforts
district authorities with Russian musicians
the idea of ​​bringing people together was realized
caring jazz now this idea
pretended big
annual event where
Jazz professional arrives
female shoulders take the trophy speak
constantly expanding
festival organizers put
in front of you big tasks to realize
Volga potential
however, children's legislators are an opportunity
handling complaints comes in new and
save
the best traditions of an hour ago this year on
festival tripoli 150 thousand participants from 15
cities of the Kama and grow
the jury found a typo for example irina
Komarov if the wife of an artist grow
but we held master classes
in the future I would like to give this
event status
villagers are actively involved in
public
it feels like areas appear
new tradition which
therefore not worth it
becoming the second year in a row to filip robot
initiative of the residents organization of competition
Mr Ukraine
This event is completely new for
power is unusual the purpose of the power competition
cow cake
of the participants
for the development of our territory is everything
we need such stories we have
a lot and
and we look to the future with confidence
historical preservation
of our region